N14: OpenGL preprocessor (#285)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/posts/newsletter-014/index.md

## Learning Material Updates

### [An OpenGL preprocessor for Rust]

With the power of cargo build scripts full power of [Tera], you can create advanced
GLSL preprocessor which can generate code conditionally, in loops, and even
inherit code from other templates.

![An OpenGL preprocessor for Rust](opengl_preprocessor.png)

Writing plain GLSL code is uncomfortable, code is quite often is duplicated, libraries
aren't something natural for GLSL (means you can't out of the box do #include "library.glsl").
Last point especially problematic if some constants actually originate in your
game logic (like the number of player types). Updating these values manually in
your shader code is repetitive and prone to both error and simple forgetfulness.

> It’s really helpful to build some kind of preprocessor for your GLSL code,

Reviewer: Please replace this smart quote with a normal one:
```suggestion
It's really helpful to build some kind of preprocessor for your GLSL code,
```
